[Merged by Bors] - Add docs for doppelganger protection (#2496)
sigp/lighthouse: book/src/validator-doppelganger.md

circumstances.**

DP should be considered a last-line-of-defence that *might* save a validator from being slashed due
to operator error (i.e. running two instances of the same validator). Users should
*never* rely upon DP and should practice the same caution with regards to duplicating validators as
if it did not exist.

**Remember: even with doppelganger protection enabled, it is not safe to run two instances of the
same validator.**

### 2. Using Doppelganger Protection will always result in penalties

DP works by staying silent on the network for 2-3 epochs before starting to sign slashable messages.
Staying silent and refusing to sign messages will cause the following:

- 2-3 missed attestations, incurring penalties and missed rewards.
- 2-3 epochs of missed sync committee contributions (if the validator is in a sync committee, which is unlikely), incurring penalties and missed rewards (post-Altair upgrade only).
- Potentially missed rewards by missing a block proposal (if the validator is an elected block
    proposer, which is unlikely).

The loss of rewards and penalties incurred due to the missed duties will be very small in

> dollar-values. Generally, they will equate around one US dollar (at August 2021 figures) or about 2%

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dollar-values. Generally, they will to equate around one US dollar (at August 2021 figures) or about 2%
```

> of daily validator rewards. Since DP costs so little but can protect a user from slashing, many

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of a day's validator reward. Since DP costs so little but can protect a user from slashing, many
```

Totally optional, but the wording made it sound recurring to me
